feat: add search (#2146)
nuxt/content: docs/content/3.guide/2.displaying/3.search.md

# Search

With some simple configuration and a composable, you can add search to your Nuxt Content site.

## Usage

First, you need to enable search in the `nuxt.config.js` file:

```js [nuxt.config.js]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  content: {
    search: true
  }
})
```

::alert{type="info"}

> You can use the search feature with any [Nuxt Content source](../../4.api/3.configuration.md#sources). You can also enable or not the [document-driven feature](../1.writing/7.document-driven.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the search feature with any [Nuxt Content source](/api/configuration#sources). You can also enable or not the [document-driven feature](/guide/writing/document-driven).
```
